document AZ in AAM and add note about delay to CMI (#459)
neo4j/docs-aura: modules/ROOT/pages/auradb/managing-databases/advanced-metrics.adoc

* *Average* - The average value of the metric across all cluster members.
* *Sum* - The sum of the metric across all cluster members.

== Detail view

label:AuraDB-Business-Critical[]
label:AuraDB-Virtual-Dedicated-Cloud[]

An Aura instance can run on multiple servers to achieve availability and workload scalability. 
These servers are deployed across different Cloud Provider availability zones in the user-selected region. 

> Detail view shows distinct data series for availability zone & instance mode combinations. This is presented as an alternative to the aggregations described above. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Detail view shows distinct data series for availability zone & instance mode combinations. 
This is presented as an alternative to the aggregations described above. 
```
```suggestion
Detail view shows distinct data series for availability zone & instance mode combinations. This is presented as an alternative to the aggregations described above. 
```

> Detail view can be enabled by toggling the switch under the time interval selector.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Detail view can be enabled with the toggle under the time interval selector.
```
```suggestion
Detail view can be enabled by toggling the switch under the time interval selector.
```
